BAU: running integration tests (#88)
govuk-one-login/ipv-cri-check-hmrc-api: README.md

Temporary credentials can be found by going to the [AWS start page](https://uk-digital-identity.awsapps.com/start#/), selecting the account and clicking
"Command line or programmatic access"

> To run the tests on aws: cd into `integration-tests` folder
> 
> `npm run test:aws -- --config tests/aws/jest.config.aws.ts`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the tests against a stack deployed in AWS, authenticate to the correct account and run

`STACK_NAME=<stack-name> npm run test:aws --workspace integration-tests`

_You can omit the `--workspace` parameter if the current working directory is `integration-tests`._
```

### Mocked

> These tests run locally on your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These tests run locally on your system and need the Docker agent to be running in the background before their execution begins.
```

> To run mocked step function tests: cd into `integration-tests` folder
> 
> `npm run test:mocked -- --config tests/aws/jest.config.mocked.ts`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the mocked step function tests run
`npm run test:mocked --workspace integration-tests`

_You can omit the `--workspace` parameter if the current working directory is `integration-tests`._
```
